---
title: magenta
description: I am calm and none of the old feelings surface. I feel this (life retuning session) 
  has been the main reason for me to be able to deal with my hospital phobia.
date: 2015-08-07
permalink: "/magenta/"
tags: ["published","page","mySite-inspirationforchange.co.uk"]
htmlHead: 
---

"Hi Ann, I just wanted to let you know what has been happening since our session. After our session I felt a lot better about going into hospital for my operation, it did not seem as daunting and the level of fear and anger seemed completely gone.
<!--more-->




I no longer got anxious when I thought about going into the hospital. On the day of the operation I was a lot calmer than usual and even though I did get a little agitated when I was kept hanging around for a couple of hours the feelings where not to bad.





After surgery the promises the hospital had made where not fulfilled leaving me feeling stressed and claustrophobic, the lack of communication increased these feelings.





What I found most amazing is that virtually as soon as I left the hospital the feelings of anger at the doctors for not helping me in the way they had promised left me. I was telling my friend about what happened and she remarked that I sounded really calm considering what had happened. When I talked about it with mum and friends I found that I was not really angry about it more disappointed at being let down.





It?s as if the stress and anger I felt at the time I was in the hospital is like a distant memory. Even though there have been a few issues after the surgery this still has not made me angry. It?s quite scary how my mental attitude has changed when it comes to what happened and how I would have dealt with to how I did deal with it.





My recovery continues steadily and I?m due to see the doctors in a few weeks, when I think about what it want to say to them about the care after the surgery, I am calm and none of the old feelings surface.





I am so pleased that you offered me the opportunity to work with you on releasing all the old junk from my auric fields and past lives in such a gentle and un-traumatic way. I feel this has been the main reason for me to be able to deal with these issues and my hospital phobia in a way that is more positively conducive to my mental and physical recovery from the experience.





I feel I will also be more prepared and less anxious about the surgeries I have to have in the future.





For this I thank you from the depths of my soul. Magenta"







